# Answer to the Question of the Donation Campaign Assignment - 9
### Questions - Add at least 3 Project features
- This is a Donation Campaign Project where people can see Various Category Donation Card. Initially user will see a picture, category, and title. But if user click on the card it will redirect to another page where user will see the datails of that card. there user will see full details why donate, price and button. If user wants to donate then sumply press the button. So this donatation will stored Donation page where user can the total list of their donation item. 
- In this Project there is a Search Box on the middle of banner. when user will search anything it will show the data by matching the categories. then user will see how much donation card has under the same categories.
- Also in this projects, there is a Statistics Page where user will see the total percentage of all the donation card and given donation percentage within the Pi Chart.
- Also in this project, many small features include, like 1. if i am in home page that time home page will active and the color, text and text decoration will changed. and 2. if user donate ones that time user will see a popup sweet message that successfully give donation and if user click the donate button agian then a error message will show that the donation already given. 3. if user first time visit this website and go to Donation Page that time user will see a empty message. and when user give donation that time a details will show on donation page. 4. if frist time user visit Statistics page user will see a Black Pi chart where only see the total donation percencentage. given donation percentage will not show if user dont give any donation.

So, Here is some Fetures of this preject. Hope you will like this. Visit to see More...
